# Comfy-Suzie
A chatbot built on the Textblob library in Python. The bot is deployed using Python. I plan to implement seq2seq analysis in the future on top of this basic polarity and subjectivity sentiment analysis. Make sure to start your own virtual environment before using the code as it will help you to isolate your dependencies from other python resources. The code is supposed to work on flask deployment as well. It basically takes your sentiment into account based on your replies which is measure using the polarity [1 <-> -1] and the subjectivity [0 <-> 9]. This is a very simple yet helpful solution to mockup a real quick helper. The main idea of the bot came from my own experience of being the loneliest kid here during the early days and trying to figure stuff out. This was my first time working with text mining and sentiment analysis. At first, I decided to work based on a dataset model training but textblob seemed to do the almost same thing much more easily compared to NLK and spacy. In future, I would like to implement use of BERT model into same sort of scenario. And my ultimate goal is to make a bot with seq2seq analysis and deep learning where it won’t decide responses based on a pre-set dictionary. 


Now this bot is not fully functional. What it means is that the flask deployed version of this bot is not working. So, I can just run the app.py as single file on the terminal and the bot does what it intends to do. But after trying to implement the flask deployment stage the problem was, I couldn't fetch the messages from the app.py's side and the terminal showed 404 code while passing the message in http/1.1. The webstie is working and taking input passing messages but not getting any reply from the bot’s end. This was my first time working with flask and I really didn't have much time as I started working on the overall project including the learning paths 2 days ago. Looking forward to any suggestions about what went wrong with the flask deployment. 


Now about the 3-phase data phase, model phase and deployment phase. Here, according to the project teachings I really didn't follow the rule of training and testing a dataset to apply a machine learning model. But I had to consider the short amount of time I had, and I really wanted to come up with an easily understandable and doable solution where investing much time in understanding all the stuff by myself does not require heaps of effort as I am doing 4 units this trimester and then an overnight job. During this Textblob and Spacy came as blessings both were great on their own but I loved texblobs minimalistic looks and chose it as my Pokémon I mean library. Then the journey from there was easy until flask which I described in the above paragraph. I hope this clears my certain decisions. If you have any further questions please feel free to contact me on my email. 
